README.md, before:

<img src="error_meme.png" width="501px" />

> ⚡ _"I never finish anyth-"_

[![Meme credit: @garabatokid](https://img.shields.io/badge/meme%20credit%3A%20%40garabatokid-b92035?style=flat&color=b92035)](https://x.com/garabatokid)

[![🎧 Focus Playlist](https://img.shields.io/badge/🎧%20Focus%20Playlist-3a3b3f?style=flat&color=2e8540)](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnhm-_a3haJYBaeCwKZevJNmA3uwKMFhp&si=nqgNeV_LVEUHi1jQ)  

[![🎭 Some Shakespeare Quote](https://img.shields.io/badge/🎭%20Some%20Shakespeare%20Quote-ffffff?style=flat&color=883a50)](https://github.com/ILXNAH/ILXNAH/blob/main/quote.jpg)

<!--

## Hi there 👋

**ILXNAH/ILXNAH** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

feat(readme): rewrite profile README for clearer intro, improved flow and structure
- Added introduction with a greeting
- Added personal description
- Added "currently working on" bullet points
- Added direct link to CV
- Maintained meme and personal elements for personality balance

README.md, after:

<img src="error_meme.png" width="501px" />

> ⚡ _"I never finish anyth-"_

[![Meme credit: @garabatokid](https://img.shields.io/badge/meme%20credit%3A%20%40garabatokid-b92035?style=flat&color=b92035)](https://x.com/garabatokid)

[![🎧 Focus Playlist](https://img.shields.io/badge/🎧%20Focus%20Playlist-3a3b3f?style=flat&color=2e8540)](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnhm-_a3haJYBaeCwKZevJNmA3uwKMFhp&si=nqgNeV_LVEUHi1jQ)  

[![🎭 Some Shakespeare Quote](https://img.shields.io/badge/🎭%20Some%20Shakespeare%20Quote-ffffff?style=flat&color=883a50)](https://github.com/ILXNAH/ILXNAH/blob/main/quote.jpg)

👋 Oh, hello there, curious thinker 🌱
Welcome to my GitHub — I’m ILXNAH.

I’m an aspiring DevOps engineer, resilient learner, and occasional meme enthusiast (you guessed it). 
I’m passionate about automation, infrastructure, and building better solutions. Always up for solving tough problems.
Here’s what’s keeping me curious these days 👇

## 🛠 Currently working on
- Advancing hands-on experience with Docker and Kubernetes — [see my repo](https://github.com/ILXNAH/docker-and-k8s)
- Improving coding skills and deepening understanding of runtime environments, observability, error handling, and code efficiency
- Refining workflows for infrastructure deployments and container orchestration
- Growing expertise in cybersecurity and modern process management (ITIL Practitioner, Agile)

📄 [View my CV](https://ilxnah.github.io/cv/ilona-louckova.pdf)

<!--
- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
